Adding information about evaluating quantized models with GPUs (#65)
mozilla-ai/lm-buddy: README.md

This requires you to specify a Ray runtime environment containing:
1) A `working_dir` for the local directory containing your job config YAML file, and
2) A `pip` dependency for your desired version of `lm-buddy`.

> 3) A `entrypoint_num_gpus` [parameter](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/cluster/running-applications/job-submission/sdk.html#specifying-cpu-and-gpu-resources) if you are evaluating quantized models

Reviewer: This argument is not part of the `runtime_env` so worded separately.

```suggestion

Additionally, if your job requires GPU resources on the Ray entrypoint worker (
e.g., for loading large/quantized models), you should specify the
[entrypoint_num_gpus]https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/cluster/running-applications/job-submission/sdk.html#specifying-cpu-and-gpu-resources) parameter upon submission.
```

runtime_env = {
    "working_dir": "/path/to/working/directory",
    "pip": ["lm-buddy==X.X.X"]

>      # if you need GPUs for your workload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

not part of the runtime env
